prefixes-service documentation (#188)
apache/jena-site: source/documentation/fuseki2/prefixes-service.md

### Update
If both prefix and uri are provided, the prefix-uri pair will be
added to the dataset. If the prefix already exists in the database, the pair will be overwritten.
In case the namespace already exists with a different prefix, the pair will be added to the dataset.

### Delete
The delete operation is performed when the prefix parameter is provided to the HTTP DELETE. It removes the prefix-namespace pair matching the provided
prefix. The operation is considered successful when the request is correctly formed
even if the prefix doesn't exist in the database.

If any of the arguments is not valid, (the [prefix](https://www.w3.org/TR/rdf12-turtle/#grammar-production-PN_PREFIX) 
and [URI](https://www.rfc-editor.org/rfc/rfc3986) don't have the correct syntax) the server returns 400,
it does so also when the url string is not formed correctly, for example when the parameter names are incorrect.

## Example

For a server running on localhost using an example dataset 

| prefix  | uri                           |
|---------|-------------------------------|
| prefix1 | http://www.localhost.org/uri1 |
| prefix2 | http://www.localhost.org/uri2 |

the following HTTP GET request
```

> http://localhost:port/prefixes?prefix=prefix1

Reviewer: The prefixes service is going to be associated with a dataset so shouldn't the example base URL be `http://localhost:port/dataset/prefix` ?

Reviewer 2: Done

http://localhost:port/prefixes?prefix=.prefix1&uri=http://www.localhost.org/newuri1

// incorrect parameter name
http://localhost:port/prefixes?p=prefix1&uri=http://www.localhost.org/newuri1

// illegal combination of parameter values
http://localhost:port/prefixes?prefix=prefix1&uri=http://www.localhost.org/newuri1&prefixtoremove=prefix2
```
result in HTTP exception: 400 - Bad Request.

## Configuration

The services is configured via a standard Fuseki config file. Example file for a Prefixes Services with a TDB2 database at `data/DB2`:

```
PREFIX example:  <http://example.org/fuseki/>
PREFIX ex: <http://example.org/fuseki/operation/>
PREFIX fuseki:  <http://jena.apache.org/fuseki#>
PREFIX rdf:     <http://www.w3.org/1999/02/22-rdf-syntax-ns#>
PREFIX :        <http://telicent.io/config#>
PREFIX ja:      <http://jena.hpl.hp.com/2005/11/Assembler#>
PREFIX tdb2:    <http://jena.apache.org/2016/tdb#>

:service rdf:type fuseki:Service ;
    fuseki:name "dataset" ;
    fuseki:endpoint [ fuseki:operation fuseki:query ; ] ;
    fuseki:endpoint [ fuseki:operation fuseki:update ; ] ;
    
    fuseki:endpoint [ fuseki:operation ex:prefixes-r ; fuseki:name "prefixes" ] ;

>     fuseki:endpoint [ fuseki:operation ex:prefixes-rw ; fuseki:name "updatePrefixes" ] ;

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    fuseki:endpoint [ fuseki:operation ex:prefixes-rw ; fuseki:name "prefixes-rw" ] ;
```

# Prefixes Service

## Overview

> The prefix service provides prefix lookup, update and remove functionalities
> for 3 different implementations of prefix-namespace storage: MapStorage , which is a Java Map data structure, 
> RDFStorage - a DatasetGraph, and PrefixStorage, which uses a DatasetGraph's PrefixMap.

Reviewer 2: Might be better to focus on the form available to be configured - the PrefixMap of a DatasetGraph.

```suggestion
The prefix service provides prefix lookup, update and delete functionality on a collection of prefixes.
It provides a read access endpoint to look up a prefix name and to look up an URI to get prefixes for a URI
and also read-write access which adds the ability to add and delete prefix entries.
```

### FetchURI
If only the prefix parameter is provided and the rest are null,
the service will perform a fetch operation and return the corresponding URI.
If no such prefix exists in the database the operation returns an empty String.

### FetchPrefix
If only the URI parameter is provided and the rest are null,
the service will perform a fetch operation and return the corresponding prefixes in a JsonArray.
If no such prefix exists in the database the operation returns an empty String.

### GetAll
A HTTP GET with no parameters returns all the prefix-URI pairs present in the dataset in a JsonArray.

### Update
If only the prefixToRemove parameter is left null, the provided prefix-uri pair will be
added to the dataset. If the provided prefix already exists in the database, the pair will be overwritten.
In case the namespace already exists with a different prefix, the pair will be added to the dataset.

### Remove
The remove operation is performed when only the prefixToRemove parameters is provided
and the other parameters are null. It removes the prefix-namespace pair matching the provided
prefix. The operation is considered successful when the request is correctly formed

> even if the prefix doesn't exist in the database.

Reviewer 2: This needs updating because DELETE is now used instead of `prefixToRemove`.
